feat(curriculum): dice game project (#50819)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/64a1b5a282d4b502ad83043a.md

---
id: 64a1b5a282d4b502ad83043a
title: Step 25
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-25
---

# --description--

Create an `if` statement that checks if `isModalShowing` is true. If it is, then add the `textContent` property on `rulesBtn` to display `Hide Rules`

# --hints--

You should create an `if` statement that checks if `isModalShowing` is true.

```js
assert.match(code, /if\s*\(\s*isModalShowing\s*\)/);
```

> If `isModalShowing` is true, then you should add the `textContent` property on `rulesBtn` to display `Hide Rules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `isModalShowing` is true, then you should update the `textContent` property on `rulesBtn` to the string `Hide Rules`.
```
